Q1. Query to list students enrolled in CSCI 200 during spring 2020 semester. Display their ID numbers, first
name, and last name. Sort the output by the IDs.

Q2. List the name and major of all students who got a letter grade “A” in spring 2020 semester.
Do not show duplicate records in the output.

Q3. List all the students from “MN” who enrolled as “IS” major. Show full name, state, and major.

Q4. List all classes took or being taken by student “Rob King”. Show course number, credits, and professor’s
last name. Sort output by Course number. Use Rob King in your SQL code.

Q5. List of professors who are making more than average salary and offer fewer than 2 classes for the year of
2020. Show professor full name and # of classes.

Q6. List all faculty members’ full name and the number of years of employment at the university. Round up #
of years one digit after decimal point. For example, 12.49 would be rounded up to 12.5 years. Sort the records
by number of years.

Q7. Calculate average student GPA by Major. Show two digits after decimal point. Sort by average GPA.

Q8. List faculty full name and the number of classes they have taught, including faculty who has not taught any
class. Hint: outer join.

Q9. Calculate the total number of credit hours student Joe Smith has taken so far including Fall 2020 semester.
Show his full name and number of credits.

Q10. For year 2020, calculate the total number of students in each course. Display CourseNo, CrsDesc,
enrollments in each course, and total number of student credits generated by each course.
